---
title: "2021 Banquet Announcement"
date: 2021-08-25T16:23:58-05:00
draft: false
---

Baseball Hall of Famer Paul Molitor will be the featured guest at the Coach 
Sauer Foundation dinner at Bergamont Country Club Oct. 7.

Molitor, a seven-time all-star during a 21-year baseball career that included 14 
years in Milwaukee, was the World Series Most Valuable Player while playing for 
the champion Toronto Blue Jays in 1993. He had a .306 career batting average, 
collected 3319 hits in his career and set a World Series record for most hits in 
a game (5) while playing for the Brewers in the 1982 World Series. The Brewers 
have retired his number four. Molitor put together a 39-game hitting streak, the 
fifth longest in modern major league history while playing for Milwaukee’s “Team 
Streak” in 1987. 

Molitor collected his 3,000th hit while playing for his home state Minnesota 
Twins. Molitor played three years for the Twins before retiring in 1998. He also 
managed Minnesota from 2015-18 and was named the American League manager of the 
year in 2017.

The dinner begins at 6:30 p.m. with a reception featuring silent auction items 
at 5:30 p.m.

Other guests for the evening include Jim Paschke, who is retiring after 35 years 
as the television voice of the world champion Milwaukee Bucks. Paschke was the 
TV voice of the Brewers in 1987 and called Juan Nieves’ no-hitter, the only 
no-hitter in Brewers history, and the games of Molitor’s 39-game hit streak. 

The dinner will also feature the 2021 Paralympic world championship sled hockey 
team. Jeff Sauer was the coach of the 2014 gold-medal winning U.S. team in Sochi,
Russia. Team USA will go to Beijing, China in March as the defending champions 
after winning in 2018 in PyeongChang, Korea.

The annual fund-raising dinner will also feature a silent auction. Tickets are 
$125 for individuals and $1,000 for a table. They are available for purchase at 
<https://csf21.givesmart.com>.  
